All right.
Welcome back.
My dear student.
So it's time for us to start exploring routes and routes are super important in Clarabelle super important
.
All right.
I got a little trouble here in there Financial some English words but I hope you understand me just
fine.
But anyway I want to thank you for being here and I want you to pay very close attention so if you have
your cat your dog or somebody that's barking at you please get him out of the room.
Close your doors close your windows close everything and pay very close attention.
I want you to get this because this is going to the pen you build them really user friendly applications
or now building user friendly applications or right routes.
It's wasn't that you are rail in the address bar.
That's where routes are in the rebel.
So you're the name of your application for Slash contact that has to do with your routes edit.
For this last one that has to do with your route.
So I want you to pay very close attention to that.
All right.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care